hello everyone it's elena and i'm back
with another video
i've had a netflix subscription since i
was 16 and it's fair to say that i've
watched a ton of netflix shows
but a few months ago i quit netflix
here's what i learned from it
i quit netflix during my exam study time
and the first thing i realized was
how often i didn't know what to do with
myself
it wasn't that i wasn't busy i had exams
after all
instead it was about the late afternoons
when i took breaks
i often found myself sitting on my bed
reaching for my laptop to watch some
netflix but then realizing that i didn't
have access to it anymore
just scrolling through social media got
pretty boring relatively quickly
and so i started taking 30 minute naps
with the calm app
or doing one of their short meditations
that gave me more energy
and then i started to pick up those
books i had bought ages ago
and never got around to reading that
made me realize that i hadn't used
netflix to just
enjoy good shows but rather to just zone
out in front of a screen
it was an easy way of giving my brain a
rest but i didn't walk away from it
feeling re-energized
a nap and a book chapter turned out to
be much more effective
did i miss the shows and movies on
netflix surprisingly
no i loved watching ncis on netflix
but when it came to paying for an
episode of the show on the itunes store
i realized i wasn't as emotionally
invested in it as i had thought
in fact i couldn't even describe the
plot of the last episode i had watched
of it
because my attention had been divided
between watching the episode and
scrolling through instagram
if i really wanted to watch something i
bought it on itunes
that made watching it a more conscious
choice and something that i didn't want
to waste by scrolling through instagram
the entire time
quitting netflix taught me to use the
app more intentionally to really ask
myself if i really want to watch
something to enjoy it
or if i just want to zone out if it's
just because i feel tired from the day
and like i can't do anything else then
i'm better off with taking a nap i
decided for myself to keep my netflix
subscription active over the summer
but to deactivate it during term time
that doesn't mean i don't love netflix i
absolutely do
but i want to make sure i use it for the
right reasons
[Music]
you